polina Deborah we're gonna do a game a
great game called sound effects and
what's gonna happen is Karina during the
scene you're gonna do sound effects for
Colin and Deborah are you're gonna do
the sound effects for Ryan I thought you
have the microphones it's really fun to
do here's the scene
you guys are tube gung-ho astronauts you
take off on a rescue mission to save an
International Space Station orbiting
Mars but when you get there you discover
the station has been taken over by
deadly aliens and you're gonna do the
sound effects farm just take their cues
take it away
gung ho how you doing good Philip how
are you I'm fine Terrence ready for the
mission yes I am I'll suit it up I see
except for your helmets and you yes you
seem very up I'm quite excited I got my
zoo purrs oh well I suppose we should
hop in the elevator go up to the capsule
let me put my helmet on first
I've got rubber sealed rubber
mine sucks every bit of air they really
should fix that beep anytime
all right
I'll open the capsule hang on there
could be a bit of a back oh very much
let handles a bit touchy why are you
sensitive that's you oh thank you that
Kings coming back on
all right buckle in Benny ready
I hear the countdown 1 you must have
really good ear 1 0 and then
sorry I got stuck in third therefore
this
there's the Space Station right
forgotten our mission already we have to
go over there and fix it right put on
your jet pack so we can make our way
over apparently mine just took off by
itself just open once again gotcha
Oh
cool yourself okay I'm turning on
this can use a space station break let
me warm up the Raygun you expecting
trouble
you never know up here ghost I stepped
in a book reading me this one's trying
to talk to us
he's ready to take over the planet clock
we can't destroy them run
now it's great thanks for you know
thanks several thousand points each each
you guys now we're gonna go onto